Nonsense reception at Shenhao Hotel
Tell me how you got in
You don't care how I got in
Mom said okay?
Of course not.
The security of Shenhao Hotel is so strict
Poor guy like you
Even 500 meters will be driven away
How could I possibly get in?
That's right, Yang Qianchen
You didn't sneak in, did you?
Okay, you sneaked in
The security guard sneaked in, drive him away
What is the matter with you
Just a hotel
Why can't I get close?
Did you hear that?
This man is even divine
I don't know the rules of the big hotel
Definitely a problem
Brat is awesome
Go, go, go
Oops, I'm here to wait for someone
Don't worry.
No one stopped me when I came
What are you talking about?
I don't understand at all
Yo, scared, scared, let me go